UPGRADE-API-1.13.md, before:

# UPGRADE FROM `v1.12.x` TO `v1.13.0`

1. The constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ChannelDenormalizer` has been changed:

    ```diff
        public function __construct(
            private FactoryInterface $channelPriceHistoryConfigFactory,
    +       private FactoryInterface $shopBillingDataFactory
        ) {
        }
    ```

1. The constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\EventSubscriber\TaxonDeletionEventSubscriber` has changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
            private ChannelRepositoryInterface $channelRepository,
    +       private TaxonInPromotionRuleCheckerInterface $taxonInPromotionRuleChecker,
        ) {
        }
    ````

1. The signature of constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Command\Account\ChangeShopUserPassword` command changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
    -       public ?string $newPassword, 
    +       public string $newPassword, 
    -       public ?string $confirmNewPassword,
    +       public string $confirmNewPassword,
    -       public ?string $currentPassword,
    +       public string $currentPassword,
        ) {
        } 
    ````

1. The constructor signature of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Command\Catalog\AddProductReview` changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
    -       public ?string $title,
    +       public string $title,
    -       public ?int $rating,
    +       public int $rating,
    -       public ?string $comment,
    +       public string $comment,
            public string $productCode,
            public ?string $email = null,
        ) {
        }
    ````

1. The constructor signature of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Command\Account\VerifyCustomerAccount` changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
    -       public $token,
    +       public string $token,
    +       public ?string $channelCode = null,
    +       public ?string $localeCode = null,
        ) {
        }
    ````

1. The item operation paths for ProductVariantTranslation resource changed:

   - `GET /admin/product-variant-translation/{id}` -> `GET /admin/product-variant-translations/{id}`
   - `GET /shop/product-variant-translation/{id}` -> `GET /shop/product-variant-translations/{id}`

1. Typo in the constraint validator's alias returned by `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Validator\Constraints\ChangedItemQuantityInCartValidator::validatedBy` has been fixed.
   Previously it was `sylius_api_validator_changed_item_guantity_in_cart` and now it is `sylius_api_validator_changed_item_quantity_in_cart`.

1. The `ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Symfony\Bundle\Action\SwaggerUiAction` controller has been removed.
   Therefore, the `api_platform.swagger.action.ui` service ID points to the API Platform's `SwaggerUiAction` controller.

1. The following services have been removed:
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\AdminAuthenticationTokenDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ShopAuthenticationTokenDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductImageDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductSlugDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductVariantDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ShippingMethodDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\PathHiderDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\AcceptLanguageHeaderDocumentationNormalizer`

   Responsibility of these services has been moved to the corresponding services tagged with `sylius.open_api.modifier`:
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\AdminAuthenticationTokenDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ShopAuthenticationTokenDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductImageDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductSlugDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductVariantDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ShippingMethodDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\PathHiderDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\AcceptLanguageHeaderDocumentationModifier`

1. All usages of `ApiPlatform\Core\Api\IriConverterInterface` have been switched to its non-deprecated counterpart `ApiPlatform\Api\IriConverterInterface`.
   Due to that, the constructor and usage in the following classes have been changed accordingly: 
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Controller\GetProductBySlugAction`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Controller\UploadAvatarImageAction`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\EventListener\AdminAuthenticationSuccessListener`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\EventListener\AuthenticationSuccessListener`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\CatalogPromotionChannelFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ProductVariantCatalogPromotionFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ProductVariantOptionValueFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ProductVariantOptionValueFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\TaxonFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ChannelPriceHistoryConfigDenormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ProductNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ProductVariantNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ZoneDenormalizer`

1. The `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\CatalogPromotionChannelFilter` service and class has been renamed to `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ChannelsAwareChannelFilter`.

1. The `sylius.api.product_taxon_filter` filter has been removed and its functionality has been superseded by the `sylius.api.search_filter.taxon.code` filter. The usage stays the same.

1. Update in Translations Handling

   The process for creating or updating translations via the API has been refined. Now, the locale for each translation 
is determined directly from its key, making the explicit transmission of the `locale` field redundant. Although the API 
continues to support the explicit sending of the `locale` field, it is essential that this explicitly sent locale matches 
the key in the translation array. In cases of a mismatch between the key and an explicitly sent locale, the API will 
respond with a `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Exception\TranslationLocaleMismatchException`.

Commit message:

Add information to upgrade file

UPGRADE-API-1.13.md, after:

# UPGRADE FROM `v1.12.x` TO `v1.13.0`

1. All the `:read` serialization groups are now split to `index` and `show`.
   By this change, the `:read` serialization group is now deprecated and will no more used in the future.
   There is a BC layer that will allow you to use the `:read` serialization group `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\SerializerContextBuilder\ReadOperationContextBuilder` by adding the `read` serialization group to your context.
   Inside of this service there are 2 configurable parameters `$skipAddingReadGroup` and `$skipAddingIndexAndShowGroups` that will allow you to skip adding the chosen serialization group to your context.
   To configure skipping adding the index and show or read serialization groups to the context, add the following configuration to your `config/packages/_sylius.yaml` file:

    ```yaml
    sylius_api:
        serialization_groups:
            skip_adding_index_and_show_groups: true
            skip_adding_read_group: true
    ```

1. The constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ChannelDenormalizer` has been changed:

    ```diff
        public function __construct(
            private FactoryInterface $channelPriceHistoryConfigFactory,
    +       private FactoryInterface $shopBillingDataFactory
        ) {
        }
    ```

1. The constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\EventSubscriber\TaxonDeletionEventSubscriber` has changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
            private ChannelRepositoryInterface $channelRepository,
    +       private TaxonInPromotionRuleCheckerInterface $taxonInPromotionRuleChecker,
        ) {
        }
    ````

1. The signature of constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Command\Account\ChangeShopUserPassword` command changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
    -       public ?string $newPassword, 
    +       public string $newPassword, 
    -       public ?string $confirmNewPassword,
    +       public string $confirmNewPassword,
    -       public ?string $currentPassword,
    +       public string $currentPassword,
        ) {
        } 
    ````

1. The constructor signature of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Command\Catalog\AddProductReview` changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
    -       public ?string $title,
    +       public string $title,
    -       public ?int $rating,
    +       public int $rating,
    -       public ?string $comment,
    +       public string $comment,
            public string $productCode,
            public ?string $email = null,
        ) {
        }
    ````

1. The constructor signature of `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Command\Account\VerifyCustomerAccount` changed:

    ````diff
        public function __construct(
    -       public $token,
    +       public string $token,
    +       public ?string $channelCode = null,
    +       public ?string $localeCode = null,
        ) {
        }
    ````

1. The item operation paths for ProductVariantTranslation resource changed:

   - `GET /admin/product-variant-translation/{id}` -> `GET /admin/product-variant-translations/{id}`
   - `GET /shop/product-variant-translation/{id}` -> `GET /shop/product-variant-translations/{id}`

1. Typo in the constraint validator's alias returned by `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Validator\Constraints\ChangedItemQuantityInCartValidator::validatedBy` has been fixed.
   Previously it was `sylius_api_validator_changed_item_guantity_in_cart` and now it is `sylius_api_validator_changed_item_quantity_in_cart`.

1. The `ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Symfony\Bundle\Action\SwaggerUiAction` controller has been removed.
   Therefore, the `api_platform.swagger.action.ui` service ID points to the API Platform's `SwaggerUiAction` controller.

1. The following services have been removed:
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\AdminAuthenticationTokenDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ShopAuthenticationTokenDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductImageDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductSlugDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ProductVariantDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\ShippingMethodDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\PathHiderDocumentationNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Swagger\AcceptLanguageHeaderDocumentationNormalizer`

   Responsibility of these services has been moved to the corresponding services tagged with `sylius.open_api.modifier`:
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\AdminAuthenticationTokenDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ShopAuthenticationTokenDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductImageDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductSlugDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ProductVariantDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\ShippingMethodDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\PathHiderDocumentationModifier`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\OpenApi\Documentation\AcceptLanguageHeaderDocumentationModifier`

1. All usages of `ApiPlatform\Core\Api\IriConverterInterface` have been switched to its non-deprecated counterpart `ApiPlatform\Api\IriConverterInterface`.
   Due to that, the constructor and usage in the following classes have been changed accordingly: 
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Controller\GetProductBySlugAction`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Controller\UploadAvatarImageAction`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\EventListener\AdminAuthenticationSuccessListener`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\EventListener\AuthenticationSuccessListener`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\CatalogPromotionChannelFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ProductVariantCatalogPromotionFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ProductVariantOptionValueFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ProductVariantOptionValueFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\TaxonFilter`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ChannelPriceHistoryConfigDenormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ProductNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ProductVariantNormalizer`
   * `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Serializer\ZoneDenormalizer`

1. The `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\CatalogPromotionChannelFilter` service and class has been renamed to `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\ChannelsAwareChannelFilter`.

1. The `sylius.api.product_taxon_filter` filter has been removed and its functionality has been superseded by the `sylius.api.search_filter.taxon.code` filter. The usage stays the same.

1. Update in Translations Handling

   The process for creating or updating translations via the API has been refined. Now, the locale for each translation 
is determined directly from its key, making the explicit transmission of the `locale` field redundant. Although the API 
continues to support the explicit sending of the `locale` field, it is essential that this explicitly sent locale matches 
the key in the translation array. In cases of a mismatch between the key and an explicitly sent locale, the API will 
respond with a `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Exception\TranslationLocaleMismatchException`.
