How to Install and Use the Sylius Components
============================================

If you're starting a new project (or already have a project) that will use
one or more components, the easiest way to integrate everything is with `Composer`_.
Composer is smart enough to download the component(s) that you need and take
care of autoloading so that you can begin using the libraries immediately.

This article will take you through using :doc:`/components/Taxation/index`, though
this applies to using any component.

Using the Taxation Component
----------------------------

**1.** If you're creating a new project, create a new empty directory for it.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ mkdir project/
    $ cd project/

**2.** Open a terminal and use Composer to grab the library.

.. tip::

    |install_composer_link| if you don't have it already present on your system.
    Depending on how you install, you may end up with a ``composer.phar``
    file in your directory. In that case, no worries! Just run
    ``php composer.phar require sylius/taxation``.

.. |install_composer_link| raw:: html

   <a href="http://getcomposer.org/download" target="_blank">Install Composer</a>

.. code-block:: bash

    $ composer require sylius/taxation

The name ``sylius/taxation`` is written at the top of the documentation for
whatever component you want.

**3.** Write your code!

Once Composer has downloaded the component(s), all you need to do is include
the ``vendor/autoload.php`` file that was generated by Composer. This file
takes care of autoloading all of the libraries so that you can use them
immediately. Open your favorite code editor and start coding:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    // Sample script.php file.

    require_once __DIR__.'/vendor/autoload.php';

    use Sylius\Component\Taxation\Calculator\DefaultCalculator;
    use Sylius\Component\Taxation\Model\TaxRate;

    $calculator = new DefaultCalculator();

    $taxRate = new TaxRate();
    $taxRate->setAmount(0.23);

    $taxAmount = $calculator->calculate(100, $taxRate);

    echo $taxAmount; // Outputs "23".

You can open the "script.php" file in browser or run it via console:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ php script.php

Using all of the Components
---------------------------

If you want to use all of the Sylius Components, then instead of adding
them one by one, you can include the ``sylius/sylius`` package:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ composer require sylius/sylius

Now what?
---------

Check out :doc:`/components/general/what_is_resource`, which will give you basic understanding about how all Sylius components look and work like.

Enjoy!

.. _Composer: https://getcomposer.org
